Love Is All
Episode 05
Miaomiaosheng's Bookstore is in crisis
Tang Tianyuan remembers the past story
Magistrate Tang, please come in.
Magistrate Tang.
What brings you here? Please have a seat.
Zhuang. Serve tea here.
Coming.
Still 2 tael per cup?
How dare I do that.
Don't be kidding me.
Magistrate Tang. Enjoy.
Why I didn't see your sister today?
In these days, my sis
has worked hard on writing.
She said she needed to transcribe
official documents until midnight. She's so tired,
So she went to the pharmacy to get some medicine.
Then I'll go.
By the way,
why does your sister like Tang Tianyuan?
Our family had been in trouble before,
and Tang Tianyuan used to help us at that time.
Where do you come from?
Ji Nan.
Tang Tianyuan lives in the capital.
Are you sure he's the one who helped you?
Our mom was died in fire years ago.
And our dad became the murder.
My sister was 8 years old, and she had no one to rely on.
The family members wished that
our dad got into prison
so that they could share our family's property.
At that time,
Tang Tianyuan passed by Jinan. He found out the truth
and saved our father.
What he did to us.
My sis has remembered it till now.
But at that time, Tang Tianyuan...
Only 10 years old.
So for my sis, Tang Tianyuan
is not only the one saved our family but also hope.
Our family can be survived because of Tang Tianyuan.
And he's also the one who brings courage to my sis.
Leave home
and chase for her dream.
There's no doubt that Tang Tianyuan is an important person
of her life.
And her love for him
will never be changed either.
I see. Since adviser is not here today,
I'll leave now.
Mr. Tang.
Don't expect crying can help you
solve the problem because you're a girl.
You have to live your own life.
There's no difference between boys and girls.
Officer Zheng. Have you felt that
there's something wrong with Magistrate Tang?
He's always picking on me.
He's either bullied me or fined me every day.
I'm here for the money.
Adviser, what do you think of him?
How about being a husband?
Maybe the girl digged his family's
grave in previous life.
She must have done something very wicked,
so she has to spend her life with him now.
Don't be so confident.
Maybe you're the one.
Although his personality is awful,
he's quite clever.
If he can be more gentle and soft,
maybe he can be a good official.
You're here, my lord.
You think the country is safe and sound
so there's nothing you can do but wait for death here?
Alright, alright. I'll go patrol.
Wait! My nails has done yet.
Ask him to help you.
I was helping you to investigate the case
and found the truth. Why you fine me?
Also the interest!
Interest?
Your salary should be paid by the end of the month.
I've already given you the money today.
So you should be the one who paid the interest.
But...
There's no "but".
If you do something wrong, you should be punished.
There's a lot of people in the office,
how can they trust me if I don't fine you.
After this case closed,
I'll definitely ask Miaomiaosheng
to write bad words of you in the novel
and scold you.
Mr. Miao is still in the mood to travel outside?
Help me to remove it.
Well, your brother doesn't look so much like you.
We're not biological brother and sister.
I picked him up from the road.
What? You look down on us?
No, I'm not.
Someone said that Qi Hui's death
is related to Miaomiaosheng's novel.
This is clearly set him up.
It is obvious that
there's someone behind to spread the rumor.
Will it be landlord Qi?
Keep blowing.
Landlord Qi wanted to bring Qi Hui's body back
to do a big funeral for her, but I refused.
Perhaps he's not happy with it
and he wants me to taste it as well.
So he wanna set me up
by using the thing of Miaomiaosheng's novel.
But I can understand him.
He wants her daughter to rest in peace.
We can't just let it go.
How dare he to look for trouble with my staff.
I won't forgive him.
Is it good?
It looks so ugly.
Here.
I'm gonna put it...
Assistant Zhou, what do you think?
I think
we're the judge of the case.
We shouldn't
jump to our own conclusions.
Otherwise, we'll easier to be misled.
We should analyze comprehensively from all aspects.
Tell us about your analysis.
Wait.
Your honor is the judge here.
But if I don't say it,
I would feel that
I didn't do my job.
Say it.
It's what you asked for.
I think both Qi and Sun families
are the rich families in Tongling.
Miss Qi always behaved appropriate.
Here. Here.
And she's not that kind of flirtatious girl.
So the childhood love story
between Qi Hui and him
is definitely faked.
I think
there's another possibility.
Just say it.
I think Qi Hui doesn't seem to be running away from marriage.
but more likely to elope with someone.
You see that her clothes are
as similar as Wei Zitong.
She must be planned to go with Wei Zitong.
But I have no idea
why she got killed after that.
Officer Zheng. What do you think?
Just tell me who you wanna arrest.
I don't wanna use my brain.
Something happened outside, my lord.
Arrest Miaomiaosheng!
Arrest Miaomiaosheng! Arrest Miaomiaosheng!
Who leaked the details of Qi Hui's case?
I've told them not to tell anyone.
We've already know what happened to Miss Qi.
If it's not Miaomiaosheng's novel
which let her be bewitched,
how will she elope with man in midnight!
That's right!
Miaomiaosheng wanna control people's lives through his novel.
And the content of his novel is delivered evil ideas.
Your honor. Please shut down
Gutang Bookstore.
Shut down Gutang Bookstore!
Who said a woman's life can only take care of her husband and children.
Can't she run her own business,
and do what she want?
On the contrary, look at yourself.
Such stubborn and stupid.
The adviser is worked in Gutang Bookstore.
She must know where's Miaomiaosheng.
Get her!
Yes! Get her! Get her!
Get me? Why?
Get her! Get her!
Hide behind me.
Guys, I know what you mean.
Qi Hui did read Miaomiaosheng's novel before.
But if you keep doing like this,
we have to stop investigation
and catch Miaomiaosheng first.
It may let the murderer run away instead.
Also, I even suspect that
the murderer is right here among you.
How is it possible.
I don't believe it.
Go home now. Go.
Don't spread the rumor. Go home.
We'll wait.
Okay. We'll wait.
What rumor.
Let's wait at home.
Go. Go.
We want the truth.
Go. Go. Go.
My bookstore!
Hand over him! He must pay for it!
Yes!
Hand over him! Hand over him!
Hand over Miaomiaosheng!
Hand over him! That's him!
Qingchen.
Are you okay?
It's all my fault.
You said we'd better shut down.
But I didn't agree with it.
It's okay, sis. They just teared the novel,
and don't allow us to sell it.
Don't be worried.
The rumor will be broken.
And the truth will be found out.
That is true.
But if Qi Hui didn't read my novel,
will she not do elopement,
and not be killed?
Sis, why you also think it in that way?
Will it be better for Qi Hui to
marry with someone she doesn't love,
stuck in the family
for years,
and die in despair?
I don't know.
I'm the one who'll choose freedom,
but no one will make as same choice as me.
If we can choose
between happiness and life,
maybe for Qi Hui,
she'll choose to live instead of happiness.
Sis.
All happiness is real.
And all the suffering are existed as well.
People who chase for happiness
will never yield to fate.
Alright, sis. Don't think too much.
The most important thing now
is to find the murderer,
and don't make you hurt by the rumor.
Hand over him!
Wei Zitong looks so weak.
He doesn't look like a murderer.
Love makes people do wrong.
If he stays away with girls
and focuses on studying as same as me,
he'll be successful in a few more years.
He won't ruin his future because of this.
Why I feel that you sounds like...
jealous on him?
My lord, that's Wei Zitong's house.
You two go visit neighbors around.
See how people think of him.
What about you?
I'll go check his house.
My lord.
Follow me.
Anybody there?
I didn't see you for 3 days and I miss you so much.
Is this really the love letter
which Wei Zitong wrote to Qi Hui?
So it's not unrequited love
between Wei Zitong and Qi Hui.
What he said is true.
But if it is true,
the motivation of him to kill her
is more obvious now.
I can't read these anymore.
I haven't eaten all the way.
I'm starved.
What about
let's go get something delicious?
Okay.
Cong Shun. Back to the county office.
Got it, my lord.
Hi everyone,
don't just pass by.
Please have a taste.
Why do you burn it?
Miaomiaosheng's novels
are on sales everywhere.
It's even cheaper than the firewood.
It's good to burn it as firewood.
Don't burn it.
These are novels written with heart.
I have a lot of firewood in my house and I'll get it for you.
I am cooking.
If you really want it,
Find cripple Xu in the western side,
and tell him that I introduce you there.
He'll give you a special discount.
Sir.
I'll take them all.
What are you doing?
The table is not stable enough,
so I'll put them under it.
Stop it. It's already broken.
Don't you hate Miaomiaosheng's novels?
Why you cost so much to buy it?
The sage said that we need to respect paper and words.
You must be very happy now.
Miaomiaosheng's fame is ruined.
And no one will read her novels anymore.
No one will make up story by your name.
If it can really be like this, it is a good thing.
If you hate Miaomiaosheng that much,
why you bought this? To insult her?
I'm not that kind of narrow person.
I'm thinking if she failed this time,
and wanna suicide,
these will be the last novels of her.
It's 5 taels before.
And later, it will be 500 taels.
This is called commercial opportunity.
You must be suffered a lot as you're so mean.
Are you mad?
Mr. Miao?
What...Mr. Miao?
He's traveling outside.
How do I know whether he's mad.
Travel in this night market?
You...
When did you know that?
When you tried to save those novels.
The way you look like.
Anyone could see that.
This world
is not allowed girls work outside.
So I have to do it in this way.
What a nice excuse.
All of your stories talk about love
between men and women.
If girls who are never experienced that,
after reading your books,
they are easily to do things in wrong way.
Just like Qi Hui.
It's not fair to blame Miaomiaosheng
for Qi Hui's death.
Don't you know how many girls get back their confidence
and realize the most important thing of their lives
after reading Miaomiaosheng's books?
Only true feelings can make you realize your value.
All you do is making stuffs up,
it's all just imagination.
Tell me,
have you ever been in love?
Do you know what love is like?
Do you know what kind of person Tang Tianyuan is
in real life?
You don't know that.
How can you make up what he thinks?
I know it's wrong.
I shouldn't have written his story using your name.
But I didn't know you by then.
I didn't mean to do it.
What about now?
Now I know, your lordship is so wise and courageous,
I will write down all your virtues in the book.
Adviser Tan, you are drying me out.
My lord, you're affluent. You cant' be dried out.
All right.
We've made it clear.
Just let me off this time.
Don't forget what you owe me.
Why don't I remember I owe you something?
You owe me a clarifying of my innocence.
If only you were Tang Tianyuan.
Tang Tianyuan is so smart,
he will solve the case fast,
and prove my innocence.
Why do you trust him so much?
He's my backbone in my heart.
He gave me the courage to be independent.
He has done such a big mistake?
When my mother died in the fire,
and my father was framed as the murderer,
it's he who
overturned the false accusations from those people.
At that time, Tang Tianyuan
brought two little piggies,
one living, one dead,
he threw them into the fire at the same time.
There was ash in the mouth of the living pig,
and the dead one had no.
This proved that
Mrs. Tan died before the fire
and the autopsy also showed that she died of asthma.
You also heard about it?
Tang Tianyuan is really famous.
He just happened to encounter your case.
You are exaggerating.
But he was only ten at that time.
What does it have to do with age.
He didn't come to you specially.
But he did keep me from losing both my parents,
and he talked to me,
it is his words that get me through
the hard time.
What did he say?
That's between Tang Tianyuan and me.
None of your business.
Go your own way.
There is no different between boys and girls.
So beautiful.
Love letters to Qi Hui?
It's true that there is always someone better than you.
I'm going to use all these sweet words
in my novels.
It will be another best-selling.
Adviser.
I didn't do anything.
And I didn't ask.
I told you to keep a record, how's it going?
I'm sorting it out.
I'll show you after finishing.
Is it under this book? Let me have a look.
My lord!
What's up?
Is this your fan?
You can have it.
Really?
Thank you, my lord.
Let me have a look.
My lord!
My Lord, it's blood.
Come with me.
Will it work, Muskmelon?
Why not?
I got inspired when reading Miaomiaosheng's novel
yesterday.
You read his novel, too?
It's learning from strong points. Understand?
So you're gonna make a heart for his lordship
as in the novel?
Yes, but I'll replace the bun
with muskmelon.
And put my loving meatball in it.
Then get it steamed.
A steamed heart means true heart.
It represent the true heart of Muskmelon.
Don't you think it's meaningful?
It's a good idea.
But in this world
if a true heart
can be traded for another true heart.
There won't be so many sad ending couples
and love-hate entanglements.
Eat it. You talked too much.
This is Lingyin Tiger Balm.
Once and for all.
My lord,
I have a question.
I don't know if I should ask
or not.
You should not.
Do all men like this kind of
body contact?
Can I do it myself?
Give it to me.
When a woman's hand
touches your face,
what does it feel like?
I don't feel much.
Kind of... creepy.
You're getting goose bumps
and shivering all over, right?
I know.
Master Miao,
you can't just experiment on me
without any scruple
because I found out your identity.
My lord, you don't know about it.
It's said in the books that
when two people stay together,
the first time they touch each other
is the time their hearts flip-flop.
Then they will feel
an electrical current in their bodies.
I did that because of you.
You said my stories are not realistic enough.
That's why I need to experience life
and try more things.
So that my stories will be more alive and real.
You haven't been idle for a moment.
That's because of you.
You pay me too little.
Look how romantic Wei Zitong is.
I'll follow you to the end of the Earth,
see you by the river today at 9 pm.
This...
This is the letter about elopement from Wei Zitong to Qi Hui.
He's been lying all the time?
But...
His feelings are so real.
It's just a little poem,
and you've already fallen for it?
You man don't understand
the beauty of love, I know it.
But Qi Hui understood.
It's right because of this
that she tried to run away and ended getting murdered.
Talking to you is a waste of time.
But there's one thing I don't understand,
why did Wei Zitong refuse to admit that
he eloped with Qi Hui?
We don't know if he told the truth.
But I'm sure that
someone has lied.
Yuhuan.
Hold court trial.
Yuhuan, Yuhuan.
Adviser Tan, I forgot to mention.
If someone colludes with others
to murder his master,
what crime will he be convicted of?
For murdering he be sentenced with death penalty.
Considering who he murders is his master,
his body will be teared limb from limb by five horses,
and his family will suffer collective punishment.
Yuhuan, it's not only you who will die.
Your parents, grandparents, aunts and uncles all have to die.
Just speak the truth.
Your Honor, I didn't kill my lady.
I'm wronged.
Then why do you gave false testimony?
My lady and her cousin Wei Zitong
grew up together,
it's hard for them to break up.
They had been sending each other letters.
I'm their messenger.
Why did you say that your lady
was not familiar with Wei Zitong?
That's because...
Landlord Qi is afraid that the thing
will ruin my lady's reputation.
I didn't mean to keep it from you.
Please believe me, Your Honor.
Why did this box of letters
appear at Wei Zitong's place?
My lady treasured every letter between she and Wei Zitong
and she put all of them
into that box.
The day my lady went missing,
that box also disappeared.
My Lord, do you really think
that Wei Zitong is the murderer?
Why do you ask about this?
Although all the evidences show that it's him.
But I still think his process of committing crime
is too perfect.
It's like a conspiracy.
What you said just now
makes you like a real adviser.
I am an adviser.
What is this?
You can eat whatever you want in the kitchen.
Muskmelon?
There's a heart.
This dish is quite like another dish in my novels.
You also write recipe?
Tell me about it.
Foods can also transfer feelings.
Here.
I will gain weight.
Take a bite.
If you don't eat, I will.
It's so delicious.
Do you want to try?
I don't.
Take a bite.
I said no.
It's so delicious.
You eat it up.
Oh, I see.
My lord.
I'm so tired.
Look at these two pieces of paper,
this one is from Siya paper shop,
it was used for the letter about elopement.
And this was generally used for other letters.
I ran a dozen of stores and finally found them.
The boss said,
Wei Zitong only buys paper at his store,
because he is the only one who would allow him on credit.
He couldn't afford
the letter used for letter about elopement.
There must be something wrong.
Didn't you come to our County Office to be the adviser
only for money?
Why are you so interested in this Wei Zitong now?
It's serious.
Qi Hui was murdered, and the murderer remains unknown.
I just want to find the murderer
and let her rest in peace.
I thought you would understand me.
I know what you mean.
But you're hiding something from me.
Just tell me the truth.
People keep saying that Qi Hui's death
is related to Miaomiaosheng's novels.
I just want to prove that
I'm innocent, and so is Gutang Bookstore.
See? Still for personal reasons.
But that's a good thing.
If you are wronged
and you still don't care about it,
then you won't feel
the sufferings of the victims and their families.
Since you can do empathizing
and know the importance of "innocence and justice",
you will be more attentive in handling cases.
You're using me?
Anything else?
Although the calligraphy on the two letters look very similar.
But there's still a difference.
Paper with better quality
can bear more ink.
Wei Zitong can only afford this kind of paper,
so when he dips in ink
he dips as less as possible.
But look at this one,
It's still so clear after being soaked in water.
And the strokes look very powerful.
So Wei Zitong certainly didn't write
the elopement letter.
He must have been framed.
Can you tell Officer Zheng
to stop use torture on him?
Putting him in jail
is for the convenience of examining the wounds.
And we didn't find any wound
on his body.
But there's shed skin in Qi Hui's fingernails.
She's been dead for days.
If we can't find the murderer,
his wound is about to heal.
So now we have to go somewhere.
Please.
Don't do that.
Watch your hands.
OK, I'll wait for you.
Come again next time.
Come again.
Mister.
It's terrible.
Don't touch me.
Where's adviser Tan?
She's not here yet?
She's already enjoying.
She's enjoying?
Then we can't fall behind.
Let's go, go, go, go.
I...
Have a good time.
Here.
You are so handsome.
You're good, too.
Mr. Sun, you are here.
Where is Liu Hong?
A new guest came today,
Liu Hong is called away.
How about I get you Caixia?
Caixia.
No need.
Let me tell you, stop this thing.
I don't want Caixia, or Zhaoxia, Wanxia.
I don't care who Liu Hong is with,
now let her come to see me right away.
OK, Mr. Sun, go to the room first.
Why you keep touching me?
Did you fall for me?
You've seen all my mind.
Get away.
Why are you following me? Go find her.
Yes.
Caixia!
I will accompany you tonight, master.
What accompany?
I don't care who she's with,
let him die. Hear me?
Now let Liu Hong come to see me. Get out.
It's OK. Just go.
Yes.
Miss Liu Hong,
do me a favor.
Thank you, master.
Coming. You're so moody today.
My little beauty, you're finally here.
Come here.
Give me a kiss.
Let me.
Come on, come on.
Easy.
It hurts me.
Faster.
Don't hurry.
That Sun Bufan
wouldn't have imagined that
he has been tricked by a prostitute.
Of course.
Why do you suspect Sun Bufan?
Qi Hui was familiar with two men,
she fought hard before she died,
she must have left a wound on the murderer's body.
The wound is our clue
to find the murderer.
Now we can finally prove that
who is the real murderer.
Where is he going?
Judging by that speed,
he must have seen his sweetheart.
Chinese TV Series Exclusive        YouTube